I'm excited.
Yay. All right. So I want to start with the guiding principles that kind of brought us into this new insights experience. The number one for me was experience.
Insights 2 or legacy, which you're seeing in your app today, the old version, I would say really did serve its purpose and allowed you to gain measurement, and it was really great. But over time, it got really slow and difficult to use, and we kept adding reporting, and that was getting more complex to navigate, and we were, you know, a lot
Not sure about what is what, so experience was really, really, really important to this round of insights. And this insights is important to note is not a reskinning, right? We rebuilt this from the ground up, end-to-end, the back end, the front end, everything about this is brand spanking new. So
are a lot of changes present here, which we're going to go over in great detail, but I want you to know that as you move through it, I hope that you're feeling how much attention the engineering team put into the experience, as well as product. Visualization, very, very important. A lot of the things I heard from you guys over the years between when
released the first version, and now this version of Insights is that you were having to do a lot of visualization, and you don't have graphics on your team, and you don't have necessarily data analysts that you have access to. So increasing the overall amount of out-of-the-box visualization was really important.
And then last, but let me tell you, certainly not least, is performance. I hope that for those of you who have clicked in the Insights tab, which has been available to you since Saturday or late Friday night, I hope that you're seeing the difference in the performance, the speed
how fast stuff's coming back when you're sending something, how it's coming in, seeing those events dripping in over time. I really hope that you're experiencing a major increase in the overall performance. That was super-duper important to us.
And I just want to reiterate as you go, hit that Q&A, and Carly can answer you, or you can hit the Q&A, and she might ask it live. So just get those questions flowing, especially as I get to the demo part.
Absolutely. We love questions. We hear each other talk all day long, so we don't feel like you're interjecting at all. That's what this session is for today.
All right, so now that we've talked about the guiding principles, let's talk about some of those key changes and how they tie into those guiding principles. Again, we're going to talk through them here, but we'll demo live in broadcast directly here in a moment as well.
So let's chat about the experience. So the key changes with experience that you're going to see drop column tables. So this is the experience that you've seen us roll out over the more recent years throughout the rest of the application where you can add columns, you can
Make it your own view, and this is much easier to navigate instead of just a whole slew of just all the things at once, really allowing you to focus in on the things that matter most to you as the communicator in the role that you're in.
Business-oriented reporting. One of my favorite things in this is that we now add today in the default ranges for reporting. So previously you would have had to, if you wanted to see a blast that you sent this morning
You'd have to go in, change the reporting period to today, right? With this, it's automatically included. We also have, as mentioned, more business oriented reporting. So it's last quarter, this quarter, things like that. So it fits more so
how you guys are speaking internally and throughout your business. Real time
Yeah, and we're already seeing users utilize the business-oriented date reporting and custom dashboards saying this is the Q1 report, this is the Q2 report and compare it to this year. So that's like, and they were able to lay those down really, really quickly. So it's wonderful to see that in action
Yeah, it's the small things that make you happy.
And then let's talk about a not so small thing, real time speed. This thing is moving and shaking. So we are crunching lots of numbers on the back end, as Rachel mentioned, it is a complete redo of insights from the ground up. So the way in which we structured this allowed for us to load much faster
If you are one of our customers that has hundreds of thousands of subscribers or employees, you know exactly what I'm talking about. It used to take, you know.
Almost
30 seconds to get things to load at times. Now you're going to see a much quicker experience throughout the new insights.
And then lastly here, 18 months worth of data. So this is specifically tied to performance. Again, a major reason why we wanted to speed things up
changing that all-time insights to
the previous 18 months worth of data, so that gives you a year and a half. One thing we also want to note that January 2025. So if we're looking 18 months back, we'll start rolling, you know here in the next week or so. So we'll talk a little bit about how you can export your data
So you have starting today, 18 months historically within new insights. You can go back and take a look at some of the reporting historically
Yeah, and that 18 months was purposeful because some of you guys have a July to July kind of budget annual cycle. Some of you are December, December, January, January, however you're doing it, February to February. There's a lot of different ways to do it. So we wanted to make sure that no matter where you were in the year, you could get your prior year's data
And whatever that fiscal or, like, reporting year is for you, and a little bit more context. So, that 18 months was very purposeful.
Absolutely.
All right, key changes when it comes to visualization. So also one of my new favorite things is downloadable graphs. Now within new insights, you set your reporting period, you set your filters, and you want to download that and include that in a report to your boss or the higher ups
Simply download that file and you'll be able to grab that graphic and put it in a presentation PowerPoint, Google slides, whatever you guys are using. Historically, we've had to take like a quick screenshot. But now it'll be an actual file for you, which is fantastic.
Context to custom dashboards. This is also great to being able to give a description. Historically, it would just be the individual component that you are adding with really not much context to it. Here you have the ability to communicate to any of your other colleagues. Hey, I'm adding this
This individual block to a custom dashboard, and this is what this is reporting or showing you, or what you should be looking at this data for.
And then lastly on visualization, individual pulse survey and acknowledgement results. So drilling down into the specifics of how people responded to those two components within BLAST. So I know we got a lot of questions about that
And again, historically, it was all, you know, it was aggregated from the top. So now you get to drill down into how people are actually responding to those pulse surveys and acknowledgements in your blast sends.
It does give a little extensibility. Some of you had mentioned that you wanted that individual response data for maybe asking if someone's coming to something or if they have a question. And so if you need to
link the response to the person. This is going to be definitely very helpful to you. And if that's something that your organization can't support, we do have things to help you along with that that you should ask your CSM about. But generally speaking, most of the feedback we had been receiving was we would really like to see the individual responses, so we can
cascade those comms.
Absolutely.
All right, so let's talk about performance and data validity. Widely speaking, Insights is dealing with a margin our new broadcast insights is dealing with margin of error of 0.57, so that's sub 1% data validity. So at any given time, we are refreshing, as you load a page, we're loading each one of those blocks individually
And so you're getting that data the second that it's coming down, and if you change a filter, the data is updating again. So you have a lot of data flowing in all of the time. So you may see a variance of data between two blocks or between two pages because we have… we're using materialized views to bring you the speed
As quick as we can, right? You've got to think about everybody that's ever opened one of your emails in the last 18 months, and everything that they've ever done in there. There's a lot of data in there, so we're using those views in order to speed things up for you so you can get to what matters. Additionally, important to note, you can now get unsubscribed user insights. For those of you who are employee comms or maybe
Doing college communications, right? You unsubscribe your users for a variety of reasons, leaving the organization, or maybe they left the campus, but the moral of the story is you earn those analytics, right? You want to report on those. Those people did things with the comps that you created
In the prior version of Insights, those people would just disappear. We kind of talked about it like Thanos snapped and then they were gone, and it was like whatever they had done was not there anymore. And new insights, their data is anonymized. That's a really hard word for me to say for reasons I'm not really sure, but it is anonymized
And so you still have the credit for the click, the open, the view, the session, the impression, but they're anonymized. So that's really helpful to you. And you can filter those out in views. Additionally, some of you choose to delete content, and before it was, like, a very scary, like, please don't delete this content, it's gonna lose the insights, we're not doing that anymore. So even if content gets deleted
No matter what state content is in, you can now see any analytics gathered over it. And I think one of the more surprising things as I've been looking at the different insights is like how much reach your content has. Like you have, you're getting so many more
Impression sessions and clicks now that we're looking at a more event-driven architecture where we're just counting things based on it had something happen, someone saw it. That's a big, big difference, and I think you'll see it in your numbers. And additionally, we have clustering and filtering of logic to help with non-human interactions
The world is a very complex place now, and when you're dealing with people and their email, you have the organizational policies that IT sets in place, and then you have personal policies that people set into place. And there's a lot of filters and
systems that stand between your message and your audience, right? So we're doing our very best work here to consistently
provide clustering logic that filters out those non-human interactions to make sure that your analytics are real. So that's really, really cool
new stuff.
Yeah, and I'll mention, so any of you who have gone through as a communicator or signed on with Circle from the beginning, you would have worked with my team to try and assess, you know, are there timestamps or can we
We bypass any automatic opens or clicks that our IT team is instilling for the communications based on the dedicated IP we provide you. So those will still, like, stand. Those will still stand. This is in addition to those things
And it makes your your analytics more accurate. So I feel really good about this one. You guys, you know, might have already heard us have this conversation throughout your implementation, if you're a part of that. This is an add-on to that. So very excited for that
All right, so in old Broadcast Insights Insights Legacy, everything was really driven by the date, the date that it was sent, the date that it was published. And that was your kind of range. So when you were looking at content, for instance, you had to encapsulate that publish date in your date range in order to capture it. So you were really getting a pretty narrow slice
of analytics. New insights, new broadcast insights is event driven. So that means if something has an event and an event is a really broad technical term for an open, a click, an impression, a session, a deliver, these are all events, right? So
If one of those assets has an event, or that person has an event, then they are included. So you are going to see your reports are going to be more so driven by what people do
than what the communicators did, meaning that the publish date doesn't really have anything to do with it. If I saw it in my channel, now you're going to see some impressions on it. So, it's kind of a different paradigm, I would say. You're getting the most accurate numbers. One of the more surprising things in the early stages of this, when I was looking at
data is how many older messages, how many older emails staff are opening. Staff are opening emails for months and months ago. How many older newsletters people are keeping their newsletters, and they're searching for a certain story, they're finding it, and they're going to click on it. So it's pretty interesting.
the way that people are managing their content. I think that you'll see that as you dig in.
Additionally, we have updated our formula for click-through rate calculations to be more in line with industry standard, that you need clicks divided by delivers as opposed to the one in Insights Legacy, which is divided by opens.
So there is a difference in the math there.
Any questions for us, Carly, so far? Are we good to move on to the live demo?
I say, let's roll in the live demo. I do have one here that I'm answering and that I want to make sure you show, but we'll cross that bridge when we get there.
Perfect.
All right
Matt, am I good to go for you?
Absolutely, let's do it.
All right. All right, for those of you who have chatted with me before, you probably are very familiar with my Aethos demo. ATHOS is my pretend financial services company, and it's where I do most of my demo work. Our lovely designer, Allison, has created a beautiful brand for it. It has an org chart we do the most. So,
What you have here, and this is, like I said, this is exactly what you should see on your side. This account, though, does have content in it, so if you are foundations or essentials, you will not have content, but
I do want to go over that for everybody on the call. All right, so let's start with the overview
When you see an overview, which there is a blast overview and a content overview, the way that we picture this is this is for the person who's flying over at 10,000 feet or for a quick check-in. I just want to see what's going on. I want to vibe. I don't particularly care about the machinations of an individual email, I just want to see
you know, the traffic, basically. So one of the more common blocks in here is the blast key metrics. Everything that's a key metric gives you kind of like the big three numbers that's most important for this asset type of person. Then you have blast metrics over time, and you can see that you can hover on here to see the delivered, the total opens and total clicks
Then you have a blast activity log. All of these are dropdowns, but I saw this when I was picturing this. I was kind of thinking like
You have a lot of traffic, right? This is very simple demo, but you guys have large accounts, right? You're sending sometimes hundreds, sometimes thousands of blasts a month, right? You want to see when things are going through, and then you can kind of flip the layer and see, okay, I sent it then, but when did they actually open it
Or when did they actually click it? And that can make a really, really big difference in how you strategize and how you decide. So, like, here.
I had 3 deliverers in the period, but you can see that the opens really spread out. So could I choose to send Tuesday at 2pm, or should I have sent Tuesday at 9am? So I have a couple of strategy points I can play with there.
Last cent really is just a count of assets, so that's how many blast
system asset were sent, and then we have highest and lowest open rate blast. You'll see something very similar over on the content side. If you're curious about any of these, when you see this, this is a big thing for me in Insights 3. You are never going to be asked to jump a nav item. You can always get back to where you were. So in this case, I'm going to
bring you digging in on a particular blast. So I'm going to open that in a new tab so that you won't… you won't lose your place, you won't be confused about where you are, and I can get back to where I was by closing this or going to blast metrics.
All of the filters are page level
It's kind of a complicated thing to explain a little bit, but there are pages that are focused on people
And there are pages that are focused on assets, so that's content and blasts and things like it. So we have split apart the different kinds of segments, targeted segments. When you see targeted segments, we're talking about when you made this blast or these blasts. What did you choose in the audience builder? That's a targeted segment. And then there's segments as the asset, just the segments out there that you made
That's when you can cut down the list of people to just the people in that segment. Whereas an old broadcast insights, those concepts were very muddy, and sometimes you don't really know which one you were dealing with on a given page
You can, of course, filter by campaign, sender profile, who you sent it from, their creator, and categories. And then this is this is mine too. I love this. This is my future baby is this date range selector. I love it very much. But these business-oriented date ranges is what Maddie was talking about earlier. So you have today and your last 28 days does include today, another little subtext moment for you is you will know what you're actually dealing with
Because you can see the dates over here. So it's not just
Last year, it's like, what does that mean to you? Well, for me, it's going to mean a different time. So, and then you can set a custom range going all the way back to 18 months, and easily apply it
And that is the overview page
Let's move into metrics, and Maddie, if you think of anything that I missed, please jump in.
Yeah, absolutely.
So metrics is very similar to the metrics that you had in Legacy Insights. I would say new and improved with a drop column table with many, many, many column options. My goodness, all the things you can do to this table, which is really helpful.
And real quick with that
Yeah
Yeah.
with the drop column tables, when you edit that table as the user logged in, because we did just get a question around this. I'm pulling reports weekly. I know this isn't directly around filters, but you're able to drop column table any of these individual
blocks or components that are in table format. If you edit that table that upholds the additional columns for you as that user.
Yeah, that's
Absolutely
I can't recall for this one. I don't remember which way we went. I think it is, but I'm not really sure. I'm gonna have to follow up on that because there was some debate on that because there is so, so much data in these. So it's like a bit of a challenge, but I will follow up on that one. Okay, so lots and lots of columns to choose from when possible, they can be sorted. So that's up and down
And then they can additionally be filtered. So here again with your targeted segments, campaigns, creators, all kinds of fun stuff. If I want to dig into one though, like I did before, I can click on it, and you get this really, I think, very attractive view of the blast. You got your blast key metrics. If you see the infoi, this is where I'm going to tell you exactly what we're measuring here. What is it
And in some cases, what you might want to use it for, that's all over any of these VIS. You get an audience tab, which is everybody, and if I want
And I can see kind of, like, how they interacted. Then I get a links tab, which is all the links that I had in my blast.
I had a link to a Kelly Clarkson video, because I thought it would be funny. And, additionally, I can click on any of these links, and I can see specifically who clicked on it. So it looks like me and Carly and Jordan, we all clicked on this one.
I can export this table specific to this link, so you can focus on it that way
And then additionally, I can do performance
This Pulse survey result once again showing you what I'm measuring here, this Pulse survey result, you can see the individuals and their responses in this view here.
And paginate through them. You can search by a certain subscriber. So if I wanted to see what I what I said there. In one case, I said three. In my other case, I said five. And I can filter by the responses, which I think is really powerful, especially for that event registration case where you're
Or are you going to do this, or do you want to volunteer? All of those yes-no cases very easily get to that list of people who said yes.
or the people who did not respond
Which is probably helpful from other things too
Right and the ability to retarget that specific blast. Hey, you didn't take action here. Let's make sure that you do.
Absolutely.
All right, so then the Blast Unique Opens. This is one of those downloads. So anytime you see a visualization like this, this is an opportunity that you can download these and you can drop them in a team's message, put them on a slide deck, put them on a report. You can hover these to see which
One specifically, so this is the clicks. And then I got some not clicks. For this particular blast you do get for all blasts, I should say, but this one is focused on this particular one. You get a blast activity log. This shows the seven days after it's sent. When did they actually open it? When did they actually click it
And kind of the difference. I'm obviously not dealing in the complexity that you guys are every day, but when we're looking at bigger forms of data, more complex organizations, we're really seeing a very interesting gradient of interaction, so you should be able to do some interesting strategy on that
So that is the focus day. Yeah
I've seen some very colorful blocks there, let me tell you.
I bet you just want to peep the blast, that eyeball is there for you. And once again, you can filter these results by the segment down here. So, if I wanted to just see on this blast a particular segment, I can do that
As well as their audience status being subscribed or unsubscribed. If I had any unsubscribed users on this, I could cut them, or just focus on them. So, pretty interesting there.
All right, moving on to the audience view
Same thing here, this is about people, so I can filter by a segment and just get the specific list of people that I want to
I can edit this table and add all kinds of fun columns
Opens, bounces, spam reports. I can focus on… I always picking Carly. I can focus on one user, focus on Carly here. So this is like Carly's little blast report, right? How many blasts is she getting every day? How many opens? How many unique clicks? And then specifically the blast that she's received
Her total opens unique clicks and total clicks, and I can add a little bit more to this table as well to see anything else about those blasts that I'd want to see to help me clarify what Carly's experience is.
Additionally, you do get a performance review, not that kind of performance review, it's the other way. So I would be able to say, like, hey, Carly says she's not getting them, or Carly says that she's not seeing anything. I'm like, well, Carly, you
blast delivered on these days, your open rate is just below average, because this is the organization average. It looks like your click-through rate's a little above average
So I can be really specific with her at the asset level, looking at the specific blasts, and then at her performance level, generally, and be able to download and share these reports with her specifically. Pretty easily.
Yeah, and I love the ability to compare against an individual and your organization's average for those open and click rate. So you can see, you know, historically in Legacy Insights, we had some ways to compare against
specifically for News Digest, orgs of the same size, orgs of the same industry, or just general averages. But this is really telling you, based on your org's performance, your typical org's performance, how is this individual engaging with
Yeah.
with your ear blast content. So I think that's really powerful, because it's keeping it in the realm of, like, what actually is relatable to your organization. So I like that that change there
Yeah, I do want to say that like those organizational averages are as shown here on the sign, calculated using your organization's data from the last 18 months. So any of those comparisons are your data.
I have not seen that drop down. How have I missed that? I like that a lot.
Yeah, yeah.
There's a lot in here. There's a lot to see.
I believe Christie and Sam collabed on that one to make that little wonderful dot possible.
Love it. I love when I'm learning something new on this webinar.
All right, let's move over to content. So like I mentioned before, overviews are really about the 10,000 foot overview. As a longtime content user and content cheerleader, I'm a pretty big fan of this because you're getting visibility into something that I think you could see, but it was a lot more obscured to me from the way that my brain works
So here we are looking at all content, content across the channels. Now, you will see this color scale, news digester blue and mobile's green, intranest Teal. You will see that color scale everywhere. So if you're using a channel, if you're using Content Archive everywhere
new broadcast insights that Content Archive is being represented. It is represented with that peak. So you can begin to, build associations. So we have content metrics by channel here. I can look at total sessions, total impressions, or total clicks. You know, a session is when someone starts a little
engagement with someone that could be that they opened something, could be they fired up the app, it could be that they went to see the content archive, and then they impress on content. Everything that they're served is given an impression.
So they had an opportunity for engagement, and then there's click. So it's like a funnel that follows down
Then we have content metrics over time. Same thing, cutting it by total sessions, total impressions, and total clicks. And you'll notice a lot more clarity and language here. Total meaning everything, not deduped, and unique meaning just the first time. So, content is definitely all about totals because people do see the content multiple times, usually.
So right here you have a stack bar or stack column technically. So you can kind of hover over the different sections and see how you can slice your traffic based on like, okay, it looks like 20 of my sessions came from content block
Three of them from Archive and 29 from News Digest. So, just a different way to visualize it, and the time range is down here, and then you can focus on different channels using the hover state down here. Also, one that you can download easily. So to answer the question, where are people seeing this
You have two different ways. Is it about time or is it just by generally for the last 28 days or the last year, where are people seeing things?
Another really powerful thing, especially complex multi-shift orgs, content click activity logs, so you can see when they're actually clicking. You can filter down to different channels. So this one is different from the one over in Blast. This one says, I want to know when they're clicking on News Digest stuff
And that is what that looks like. And I know that I have content block and it looks like it's really
kind of mounted up here on Tuesdays, 9, Tuesdays 2. So and then additionally, activity, active users by channel, a very simple. This is the bar graph, very simple bar graph kind of comparing the network of users
And then most popular and least popular by click rate, just comparing different stories.
Any of this data here, I can filter. So if I wanted to, I don't know what I have campaigns up for, but we'll give it a spin
There we go. All right, so in the campaign ethos news for the last 28 days, most of my content metrics came from News Digest with a little bit of archive. And then I have
my most popular and least popular within that campaign have changed as well. So, the filters are really, really powerful as a way to slice it. And then if you wanted to, you could still take a screenshot if you want to, but you could also download these reports and create a really nice slide deck of everything that's going on with that campaign.
Or make a custom dashboard.
All right, content metrics. So metrics are tables about assets. This table about assets is focused on content, just like we did over in BLAST. You have lots and lots of columns available to you. I do want to call out a few that are pretty new. You can do push alerts and campaigns
You can look at the priority and source. So lots of different ways to slice and dice over here, depending on what you're trying to figure out. Additionally, clicking on any of these stories does take you into a deeper dive into that story. Who has impressed on it is the reason or click
That's the reason that they're here. And then generally the performance for the story. So the question could be, you publish that story for me, could you tell me where people saw it? And the answer is yes, I definitely can tell you where people saw it. They mostly saw it on the content block when I put it out
And then additionally, some news digests. And here's the activity. So you can see, like, it was out, and then I pushed it in the content block, and then here comes some more sessions on it. So, you can follow the story there.
With this lovely chart. Once again, that you can download. I just keep wanting to say that because I see a lot of beautiful reports in your future.
I mean, I know, you know being part of leadership, how many presentations we had to put together every month and every quarter. So just having that ability to just be like, all right, let's plug and play. It's fantastic.
Yeah.
Real quick, I want to mention on the metrics page one more time for content polls. So just a reminder in terms of this being event driven engagement and reporting instead of based on published date. So right now we're looking at the last 28 days
I can promise you, Rachel Foles did not publish 90 stories in this Athos account in the last 28 days, right? So this is something that is going to be, you know, a bit of a change for you all looking at these metrics, but this is an important
call out to you all, because you're now getting any events on any content that has, you know, been out in the ether across your various channels over the last 28 days. So, this is a great time to call that out. Again, this happens throughout
last and the other functions within Insights. But it is important to just bring to your attention. And what we're seeing, as Fles mentioned earlier, we're seeing a lot of people going back to historic news digest, or blast
That were sent weeks ago or even months ago in some cases. And
Previously, you were losing out on those metrics. You were… those weren't available to you based on the reporting period. Now you can see those, and that's still a really important data story for you all to kind of keep in your back pocket, you know, just because you publish something Q1, and now, you know, we're leading into Q3 doesn't necessarily mean that that
dead any further. So, any other call-outs you want to make there on that? I think this is just a prime example of event-driven engagement or metrics versus how we'd been, you
producing it previously legacy.
I mean, we actually have a really good example because in the prior version in Legacy, that first story with my highest audience reach of 16 would not have been on this list because it would not have been published in the last 28 days. But now, since it has and it was used in a content block
With a reach of 16 and 69 impressions on it, there it is, right? So I'm going to get a lot more value out of my content. So if I am a content-using organization, I would be very excited, because you're really… the reach is much bigger, it's really impressive, honestly.
So yeah, thank you for telling me to slow down there. But yeah, it's
It's much more visual that way, whereas my one that I did publish pretty recently, number two. So that's kind of fun. Maybe you have some secret like hits out there that you didn't know or something that has a big life
beyond that could be really instructive about what your audience wants more of.
All right, speaking of audience, so this is a change, too. So if… and this is also very instructive, I think that it could be stressful first, so I will be honest with you, I think this part was like, wait a minute, at first. So, if somebody doesn't have
A session or an impression on content for my 28 days, they will not be listed here. That does not mean that they unsubscribed or anything happened to them. It just means that they have not interacted with anything content
in the last 28 days. Now, if I were to widen out my range, of course, I'm going to catch more people, but this is a really interesting thing. I would say that, like, oh, okay, we're missing some people and kind of figure out what's going on. So, widen out your range, check that out first.
So I can focus on any given person. I will, once again pick on Ms. Toys Han
So Ms. Carly has 6 sessions, 23 total impressions, total clicks
And then I can see specifically which stories that Carly has impressed on, when was the last time, so that's very valuable information, of course, when it's like, I didn't see that story, and you're like, yeah, you did, at noon on June 22nd
Specifically, in the News Digest, you know, so, like, there's a lot of information here that you could use
And I can also see if I have questions about Carly's engagement or what she uses, or someone is… you're trying to troubleshoot them once again, you can see Carly is a news digest and a content block user with some sessions here and there and some broad activity down here. So
lots of opportunity here to understand someone's engagement and performance.
Yes.
And this mimics that experience drilling down into an individual from content audience is similar experience to the blast audience as well. So you'll see similar graphs, which is I like the repetitive nature of like, I get an experience here and I'm getting it
Similarly over here as well.
Yeah, I mean, really, if you were to, like, as you become more advanced in the system, I would say you'll notice a few things, right? The title of the page is here, content audience, the thing that you're focused on is always in this slide. You… the key metrics is the big three. This is the audience key metrics. All of it is very mathy
Yeah
and organized. I had a great time making this flowchart, as you might imagine. If you have
Oh, I know you and your flipgards.
That makes sense.
Maria is the flowchart queen, but I had a series of post-its that I loosely connected. All right, let's talk about channels
So in Legacy Insights, one of the things that I did not like is depending on like your your package or like what you had turned on, you still had to wade through a lot of navigation just to do simple stuff, and it didn't really make sense. So I didn't really want to list all those channels. I wanted you to have a gateway
As a person who's even first-timers on insights to say, what are we using, right? What are we using of these channels? So that's what the purpose of the content channels page is, is it's a quick gateway to say, we don't use intranet in this, or Teams, or mobile, but it looks like we have some sessions and stuff going on
For blast content block, content archive, and news digests. So this is my gateway to get more about them. I will go to Content Archive for this one. And the same thing as we were seeing other places, right? We're in the content archive is the Content Archive Key Metrics
Here's what I'm looking at. You have some breakdowns. You have your most active users. This was a very popular feature, I will say that you guys had requested in a lot of different ways of just knowing who is using this. So you're able to see all the active users on a given channel for the period
and export that for use wherever you need to use that. You can also see the broad activity trends of what days people are using it by sessions, impressions, and clicks. And then an activity log, same thing here with impressions and clicks and so on. So, you have a lot of
Options for how you want to look at your channel.
All of these are going to be sessions, impressions, and clicks. The only outlier, I would say, is News Digest, right? Because when you're talking about News Digest, we're talking about an email. It might be thousands and thousands of emails, and they're all individual, but you're going to get more email-driven metrics, like delivers, open rates
and click-through rate. When you look at your News Digest, you can see your News Digest over time, how many were delivered, how many were opened and clicked. Once again, very easy to download here. Your activity log.
That's interesting. So you can see that my default is probably noon because I got a real hotline right there, daily at noon. And then I can compare that to the opens. It gets a little more chaotic, right? So I've got it set for default noon, but it looks like it spreads out a little bit. So that's pretty interesting to me.
You can also see the number of news digests delivered. So if you're kind of wondering like how many are going out every day, has anybody changed their settings, things like that, see it here. And then you can see the percent personalized in this case, only a very, very small fraction of mine
And that means gone through the personalization process to select categories and interests and things like that. Then the last one is you can see the News Digest delivery format breakdown. That's like which way did they want it? Traditional headlines plus headlines only. I will note that this is locked to today. That's just current broadcast data. That's not something you're
be able to date range or anything like that. That's just saying right now, today, all of my subscribers, pretty much, are going to be untraditional. And then the frequency. What is everybody set at
And then the days of the week break down. So a lot of valuable information here to diagnose and understand your digest.
Yeah, and a much better view of, you know, historically and legacy insights, we had the news digest overview page, which was pretty static with what it's reporting on, the fact that
the content channels gives you the same components or insights reporting blocks for each one. And obviously, we're moving away from the idea of DAWs and MAWs, so daily active users, monthly active users
to be more complete with our data stories here as well.
I mean, yeah, you're still going to know, though.
Like your users.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely, yes, yes, yes. But in Legacy Insights, we were so focused on just DAWs and Moz, and this is more graphically depicting where you're at. And how people are engaging across those channels.
All right. And then last on main map before we switch over to dashboards is categories. So categories for those of you who are content are pretty important part of your personalization experience
I would say that benefits here, of course, the sort, I love a sort. I'm just a monster fan of a sort. You can see the percent of the audience, and then the category source. Is this the organization category? So one that you have selected, or one that kind of
came along for the ride, you can filter that category source, you can filter by segment, so you can… that's just the segment, right? So, if you're just curious what the Cincinnati office thinks about
Then filter by the segment. So that, once again, trying to pull apart the things you targeted versus the lists you make, segments versus targeted segments.
But I wanted to actually see who is interested in employee experience, then I get a list here.
Which I think is very helpful. And their interest is is like averaged, right? So Miss Allison has an average interest in employee experience. Chris has a below average, and then Maddie has an above average
Of course, ladies.
Look at you
I better.
So yeah, you can see specifically who has interest in things. I think this is really helpful when you're talking about volunteer opportunities, or people who might need to sign up for a class, like you can build some interesting lists on this, like, oh, we do have a list of people who are very interested in cybersecurity, or very interested
in AI education. You, as the communicator, are a new data store of specific examples of people who are actually, actually interested in things. And what you see here, as far as this list of people, should identically mirror what you're seeing over in the BLAST target audience creator thing
If you decide to target by categories, these lists are identical now, so we're all ironed out and equal and even
And balanced
Yeah.
Love it. And let me just jump in real quick because I see lots and lots of questions coming through Q&A, which is fantastic. We don't get to one of your Q&A questions. I know Carly's working hard over there responding to everyone. But if we
aren't able to either write a typed response or talk about it live. I promise you we will make sure to follow up with you independently to answer your question, so don't… don't think that those are going unseen, unread, or unresponded. We will definitely reach out after.
And real quick, before we jump into dashboards, I know I saw the export button under categories, and I wanted to just quickly walk through that experience because that is a little different than what we have in legacy insights.
Yeah, for now, exports are going to be a lot like it is over an audience. So you're going to export and get a local file. I do anticipate this experience moving more toward what we have in Legacy Insights due to the fact that you guys are going to have some
large advanced data sets, and you're not going to want to wait for us to gather it all together and package it up really nice for you. So I do anticipate that it will eventually be back to being an exports page with your exports that you can download and reference and clear out. So
More on that to come, but for now, it is a local file download like Audience, and you should, for those of you who are in larger audiences, should have a little bit more luck downloading.
than you have in the past
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, Maddie, any questions before I move on to dashboards?
Let's see
Okay.
We actually have a lot of questions that I think dashboards will help answer and being able to show people how they can set their filters so that they can come back to this and see at a glance those reports that they always are needing to reference or pull
So yeah, a lot of interest in filters, whether that's campaigns or maybe segments on your blocks in here.
Okay, I can do that. Anything else, Carly, that you want to make sure I cover?
No, I'd say hop into dashboards, and then maybe we'll touch on some other things here.
All right
All right, so first thing you're going to notice, I'm going to name my dashboard all about ASO's news. I think in Legacy Dash, you can
and legacy dashboards, you can add a description, right?
No, just title.
I know, I know.
Just a title. Well, welcome, guys. I've been working on this for a long time. I try to stay out of there, so that's good to know.
Alright, so it's a blank canvas. That's really exciting, right? You guys are creators, you know it's a blank canvas, it's full of possibilities. So, two different ways to add a new block, but once we add one, this little guy is going to disappear. A couple of things to note before I start adding manage access. So this is all brought into our current system of governance, so it starts and it belongs to me and the admins, but I can't expand it to be global
Or I can choose to share it with specific team members, so it should feel very similar to all the other places that you have broadcast governance. All right. Another personal favorite of mine, I have to tell you, there's a lot of things I like about this experience. I'll call them out for you first
is that everything's very visual. So you are in a situation where you can scroll very easily, and you can be familiar with the look of the report and what you're going to get on the other side. You can filter, because these reports can be split by blasts
or content, if that is included in your package level. If it's not, it's just blast reports, but you're going to be in great shape. And you can search. So if I have a specific thing that I want to know about, then I can search. So there's a lot. So like key metrics
And then here are all of the key metrics reports. So I think that you're going to find yourself moving through this much easier than you did prior because it is so much easier to use in my humble opinion.
Okay, so let's say that let's focus on blast because that applies to everybody, and let's start with a BLAST key metrics report. So by default, the time period is last 28 days. So a couple things to note here
If I choose this quarter
And that's Q2 right now, this quarter. And it's going to go
through the end of June, so that's the way we're breaking them up, and I'm sure that that's going to be on Help Desk. If I choose this quarter, when it flips over to the next quarter, whatever that quarter means to you on July 1st, this quarter will be the July 1st quarter. So those are relative, and that's very important for you, depending on the kind of reporting you're doing.
So if I am just doing a last quarter report, then that's perfect. I can do last quarter and this quarter, and I'm always comparison to if I need it to be more specific and it's forever going to be the Q1 2026 report, then I'm going to more so want to
January 1st through March 31st. I think there are 31 days in March. Nope, Maddie doesn't know.
Oh, I have no idea, do not ask me. You know, I have to, like, count my months, so I'm not the one to ask.
So, just depending on the job that you want to do, depends on how you want to use the state range. But for the purpose of this, I will do it this year, and then the little block description, this year's the metrics
And then I can filter
By a number of things, the targeted segments of the blast, the campaigns, the sender profile send from, all of that kind of stuff.
and add to my dashboard.
Now, by default, this dashboard is going to be 100%. You can also shrink it to 50% if you choose
and then you can additionally, if that's not the high, you'll get a little bit of a drag out here, and there you go.
I can duplicate this one, and I will stop at the same station
And if I want to focus on last quarter this time
Add the dashboard
duplicated. You can see it's adding the block
And now it's added. Drag it down a little bit. I'm going to shrink that up
And you can see
that couple things going on. First, last quarter, right here, that's your time. The, campaign is there. If I want to edit it, I can click it, I get right in there.
If I want to edit this, same thing, I'm back in the same modal. And this art here is representing what I'm going to get on the dashboard when it arrives.
I can addition. Go ahead, Matt.
I was going to say this is great. A lot of our customers use like their overtime reporting. They want to have one dashboard for I want to see month over month or things like that. So being able to just duplicate what you have, make those quick changes to the dates or filters
And then it's all in one place for you, so it's more of, instead of recreating the wheel every single month to see historically what did that look like, let me manually pull these, you can have one custom dashboard that will look month over month, looking at a specific data set for you
and will uphold, which is fantastic.
Yeah, another thing is you'll see these reference lists. That's pretty much a micro table. So anytime you need a list of items, you're looking for a reference list. This is a blast metrics reference list with 13 blasts on it. You can update the pagination if you want
and get a longer result, stretch it down to reflect that longer result, making it as big as you… I think there might be a max height. But then, if I want to know what your ethos newsletter is, when I click it, I'm going to a new tab, so I'm not going on some weirdo journey where I'm going to be, like, 16 layers deep and not know where I am anymore
That's still happening over here. So yeah, I can choose to make my dashboard. So if I didn't want it this year and I just wanted it to be, you know, this year so far or last year, I can choose the 2025, I can choose January
January 1st, and I can make it through
December 31st, apply it
And then that will be locked up to that date range permanently.
Carly, do you think that handled it, or is there something else more specific you'd like me to show?
No, I think that works. And no one asked my opinion, but I'll just jump in and say I love this as well. I love being able to identify like our high priority segments as a company, whether that's regions, we want to keep an eye on or business lines that we want to keep an eye on. And I like
filtering to those and just putting those side by side so I can, at a glance, you know, check those open rates on those blasts or those digests.
Because I know for the digest block, you can, you know, put any segment that you have in your organization on that block. So I love that one blast audience. You could do that same thing with. So that's one of my favorite parts. This makes it so much easier, whereas the old version it was a little hard to see what you were filtered to. You didn't have that ability to put the description on it, so you couldn't
kind of make it clear to your consumers of this dashboard, you know why that was important, or why they should be interested in that.
Yeah, any edit that you want to do, you can do an edit here. You can do duplicate, delete, or you can do the quick button.
Yeah.
Of the two, which I like edit any of the parts
experience there, in my opinion, if I can be biased.
You can.
And Carly, we're always interested in your opinion, so thank you for jumping in there. It's super helpful 'cause I know you work so closely with a lot of our largest customers, so hearing how are you're kind of phrasing all of that in your frequent meetings with them is helpful. We do have a
question that I'll just go ahead and answer live, if I may. Can we duplicate copy dashboards that are currently in Legacy Insights into new insights, or do they need to be rebuilt? So I have some bad news, but good news. So, in general, since new insights is completely rebuilt from the ground up, think about it as, like, we rebuilt the car, we rebuilt the engine, everything from from the ground up
So they will need to be recreated or rebuilt. However, I will mention that that is why we have your dedicated customer success team to assist you with that. And I think it actually opens up a lot of really awesome opportunities to reassess how you are looking at the data before and how you can more creatively look at those data stories
With all the new components, new blocks, new filtering that you have at your fingertips. So
anyone who has that question, or if you have custom dashboards today, please don't fret. We we will uphold legacy insights for a period of time. I'll let Foles talk about that here in a moment. But in general, please do reach out to your your dedicated customer success team
We are here to help you. We want to have these conversations, so we can also learn in terms of, you know, how you guys are looking to look at this new data, to report it up to leadership that gives us opportunities to learn more and collect additional feedback
So please don't be shy on that
All right. Yes, legacy insights should be available through the end of the year, but I would advise you to begin moving that way, get your data out of what you need, ask CS any questions you have about A for B. It is an incredible opportunity for us all to learn. I can't say that
did everything perfectly, but we really did put our heart and soul into giving you a much better experience. I really do hope you enjoy it and that it helps you tell the data story even better.
Absolutely.
All right. So it's done. Congratulations, you have it. I hope you love it. I can't wait to hear what you think about it. Let's talk about this summer, right? So we are entering a new quarter. I want to talk a little bit about what we will be working on this summer
Keep the questions coming
All right. So this summer themes are really about customer experience for customers like you who have been with us. We really want you to have a great experience inside broadcast, and we will be spending a good amount of time focusing on
interactions and different experiences and different shortcomings that we think that we can improve that'll make your overall work in broadcast a lot easier and more enjoyable. There are a few themes that I've identified, enhancing our invites. Invites came out, I think
This year? Last year? I don't know. How long? Year? Something like that. I can tell you it's been very, very popular. You guys love it, you love being able to get people in the room. I never have heard about such a problem that was such a challenge for so many of you. It sounded like it was a terrible, terrible thing you had to go through, so
I'm really happy that we're able to give you a good system, so we're looking to enhance it. Additionally, I think our content experience could use a little bit of love, so we're going to spend some time on that. Permissions and privacy continue to be something that are very, very important to you in the security teams
So we want to make sure that you have the tools you need to set your instance up in the way that makes sure you feel secure and secure as your users. And additionally, customization. Your brands are very important to you, and having different micro places that you can inject your brand and make sure that it is represented well
I understand it's very important. I mean, even in the fury of all the inside stuff that we're trying to finish up here at the end, we were able to do a few things towards these goals. So, for instance, you have a new 15 minute pre-reminder when you have an Outlook event, right? That's an invites enhancement.
You can now export your blast tables for analysis of usage, not analysis like you're doing in Insights, but like who's using it and what we're sending as we're accepting larger images now and optimizing them for you. You might notice some more logical sorts on the tables across broadcasts, a little bit easier when you
go to click a heading, maybe it sorts what you meant, as opposed to having to click it twice. So more of that kind of work, but on a bigger scale. And that's the summer's focus.
Beautiful.
And then briefly, looking ahead, we're actively gathering and have been customer feedback in terms of shaping future investments, which will in some way, shape or form include AI. So
We will maintain our focus on solving customer… real customer challenges and applying AI where it can make the biggest impact to your work on a daily basis. So, more to come on that. Just wanted to make a little plug here. But to wrap up, I know we're getting close on time
Just to kind of follow up with a few things, housekeeping notes, reminder, we will send a follow up after this webinar for even people who registered and weren't able to attend. They will still get those recordings. So if you have any colleagues that
couldn't join today, please rest assured that they will get a copy. I also want to throw in a link to our updated help desk section. So I'll throw this into the chat for everyone. So these are brand new help desk articles. We have almost 30 of them that touch
all on new insights experience. So please use those as a resource, and also use the chat. Please, please, please, we love Rachel Foles will even say this, over her 10 years. She is one of the quickest ones to read through those chats, because it's
A great way for us to hear feedback directly from you as a user. So don't be shy, use that chat icon in the bottom right-hand corner of every circle.com page. Our team is here to help. We want to get you guys acclimated to new insights and get you guys up and running as quickly as possible, and we hope you like it as much as we do. We're super excited to get this in front of you guys
It's been a long time coming and a lot of hard work.
All right. Well, thank you all so much. I hope I hear you in chat soon.
Thank you, everybody.